redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoginResult.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginResult
redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoginViewModelFactory.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginViewModelFactory
redbull/ecard/UILayer/home/HomeViewModel.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.home.HomeViewModel
redbull/ecard/DataLayer/LoginRepository.java
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.LoginRepository
redbull/ecard/PersistenceLayer/PersistenceDummyClass.java
 redbull.ecard.PersistenceLayer.PersistenceDummyClass
redbull/ecard/UILayer/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
redbull/ecard/DataLayer/Result.java
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.Result
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.Result$1
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.Result$Error
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.Result$Success
redbull/ecard/UILayer/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
redbull/ecard/DataLayer/model/LoggedInUser.java
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.model.LoggedInUser
redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoggedInUserView.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoggedInUserView
redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoginViewModel.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginViewModel
redbull/ecard/DataLayer/LoginDataSource.java
 redbull.ecard.DataLayer.LoginDataSource
redbull/ecard/MainActivity.java
 redbull.ecard.MainActivity
 redbull.ecard.MainActivity$1
redbull/ecard/UILayer/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
redbull/ecard/LogicLayer/LogicDummyClass.java
 redbull.ecard.LogicLayer.LogicDummyClass
redbull/ecard/UILayer/home/HomeFragment.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.home.HomeFragment
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.home.HomeFragment$1
redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoginActivity.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$1
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$2
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$3
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$4
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$5
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginActivity$5$1
redbull/ecard/UILayer/login/LoginFormState.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.login.LoginFormState
redbull/ecard/UILayer/notifications/CameraFragment.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.notifications.CameraFragment
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.notifications.CameraFragment$1
redbull/ecard/UILayer/QuitService.java
 redbull.ecard.UILayer.QuitService
redbull/ecard/BuildConfig.java
 redbull.ecard.BuildConfig
