# Sprint 1 Finalization & Presentation Discussion 
* February 3rd @ 2:30pm

### Discussion Topics:
* Sprint 1
* Presentation
* ...


### Notes
* Clarification on a github issue
	* All approved a readme documentation change & merged.

* Discuss Sprint 1 Grading Requirements
	* Repo completed.
	* Readme updated.
		* Put goal under objective header.
	* Discussion
		* Uploading meetings to youtube.
		* Posted meeting minutes.
		* **Move meetings branch content to wiki**
			* Resolve missing meeting minutes
				* (First 2 meetings)
			* Add General & Meeting links to wiki
		* **Features for Sprint 2**
			* Account Creation first:
				* Account Creation
				* Account Login
				* Would set up for profiles.

			* Profile Creation first
				* Profile Customization
				* Profile Sharing/Viewing
				* Would detail what the app would look like
				
		* **Must add Sub-user stories**
		* Ensured commits are descriptive with issue numbers
		* Pull requests
			* We have been doing these.
		* Contribution requirements
			* Each member has done something
		* TA Meeting
			* Friday
		* Additional features?
			* Locally Storing Profile/cards
				* Would be complex
			* Searching for services

	* **Modify location of the Objective header in the readme**

* Brief Presentation Discussion
	* Thursday
	* Webex - Host role - Share powerpoint screen
	* Structure
		* Introduce project & Team
			* Brief summary
			* Purpose
		* Brief architecture
		* Sell project
			* How will it help the user?
				* Benefits
		* Conclusion