==============================================================
Guild: COMP 4350
Channel: Text Channels / general
==============================================================

[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Joined the server.


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Hey mate


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Sup


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Do you know anyone in this course?


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Here we go again


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD


[19-Jan-21 12:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I have a friend currently on the waitlist


[19-Jan-21 12:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
and probably will get in the course


[19-Jan-21 12:49 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Iiiight, ill send an all class email to grab 2 more people. If you're friend manages to get in they can join us for 5 people


[19-Jan-21 12:49 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I don't recall the teacher saying there was a max, just that 4 was recommended


[19-Jan-21 12:49 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
he said


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
IDEAL


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yea


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
slow drive advanced this time?


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
with new add. feature?


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
and the balloon stuff?


[19-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
XD


[19-Jan-21 12:51 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
😅 We can try


[19-Jan-21 12:51 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
im down to improve it


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we should ask.. I think he would like us to start from the scratch


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Joined the server.


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
but who knows


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Hell


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea we would have to redo it


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Heyo


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So I m in for sure


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
hello


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea welcome welcome


[19-Jan-21 12:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So we have 4 members already?


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
3, waiting on one more.


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Ok


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
And we may have a 5th later on


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Do you have a friend that would like to join?


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Please don’t kick me out🤣


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
o.0


[19-Jan-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
We are nice people i swear!

{Reactions}
👍 💯 

[19-Jan-21 12:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Not yet I have also send send some requests let’s see if anyone responds


[19-Jan-21 12:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
No matter how many team members we have still let’s have a zoom meeting tomorrow to familiarize ourselves

{Reactions}
👌 

[19-Jan-21 12:55 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
We can also do the meetings here


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Great


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
The voice chat


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
That works too


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
The sooner we start the better


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
For sure


[19-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Any plan what we want to do


[19-Jan-21 12:57 PM] MEE6#4876
Joined the server.


[19-Jan-21 12:58 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
me and @王三岁半✨ Worked together in 3rd year software engine. We mentioned redoing and improving our last project xD.
Other than that, no


[19-Jan-21 12:58 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Good idea


[19-Jan-21 12:59 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
That might help us in the long run in this term as we already have a clear view objective


[19-Jan-21 01:00 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea, We can go over our ideas in the meeting we have tomorrow and pick something.


[19-Jan-21 01:00 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure


[19-Jan-21 01:00 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
So if you have anything else thats also a good idea can also do that


[19-Jan-21 01:00 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Ok


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I also have Winnipeg 311 mined data if anyone wants to do a recommendation system


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
from my 4710 class xD


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
nice! xD


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
No idea what that is but seems interesting


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
basically just frequent service calls


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Ohh


[19-Jan-21 01:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
based on season, time, combined and etc.


[19-Jan-21 01:02 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sounds useful


[19-Jan-21 01:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Joined the server.


[19-Jan-21 01:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Heyo


[19-Jan-21 01:13 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hi


[19-Jan-21 01:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
So we are planning on meeting sometime tomorrow to go over any project ideas or features, and pick a project topic


[19-Jan-21 01:14 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Would that work for you?


[19-Jan-21 01:14 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Hello


[19-Jan-21 01:14 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I should be available to meet at any time after 12:30 tomorrow


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@王三岁半✨ @Abir Ahammed 
What time would work to meet tomorrow ?

I'm available anytime after 2:30


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
same, available after 2:30


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Are you in comp security?


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
nah


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
OS


[19-Jan-21 01:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ah


[19-Jan-21 01:17 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
3rd year or 4th year os?


[19-Jan-21 01:17 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
3rd, the one is mandatory


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
that one has a real tricky final assignment 😛


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Yea I heard


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
a file system


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
right?


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yea


[19-Jan-21 01:18 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
fat32


[19-Jan-21 01:19 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I dropped my OS last winter term to pass Zapp's 3010 😂

{Reactions}
🤣 

[19-Jan-21 01:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD ahhh zappppppp


[19-Jan-21 01:19 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I got zapped


[19-Jan-21 01:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
covid helped me survive zapp


[19-Jan-21 01:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
he was forced to finally post notes


[19-Jan-21 01:20 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
and cancel a test


[19-Jan-21 01:20 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I barely scraped through OS 😆. The prof pretty much told us to "google it" for the Fat32 stuff

{Reactions}
😅 

[19-Jan-21 01:21 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
oof


[19-Jan-21 01:22 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
After 2:30 also works for me


[19-Jan-21 01:23 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Me too 3 times


[19-Jan-21 01:23 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
3?!


[19-Jan-21 01:24 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yeah I hate him more than my al ex’s  combined

{Reactions}
😹 

[19-Jan-21 01:24 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Trust me I dated some awful gals 🤣🤣


[19-Jan-21 01:26 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
😂 I retake 3010 in the summer anyway. FEELS BAD


[19-Jan-21 01:26 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Should've drop 3010 instead OS


[19-Jan-21 01:27 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
haha. rough life


[19-Jan-21 01:28 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Dude I vw’ed Comp security last winter for zapp


[19-Jan-21 01:28 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Man he is just an ashole


[19-Jan-21 01:28 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I specifically made sure I didn't get zapp this year


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I am happy that we share same feelings towards zapp


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
"bloom's taxonomy"


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD I haven't found anyone who likes him


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I got into a distributed computing with rob guderian this term. Didnt want to take it with zapp


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I have a seen 2 students


[19-Jan-21 01:29 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Rob's is way better


[19-Jan-21 01:30 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I got an A in the summer 😂

{Reactions}
😜 

[19-Jan-21 01:31 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
hes class in summer was more project based


[19-Jan-21 01:31 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
In response to Ezra‘a mail slack is perfect for asynchronous communications and it also supports GitHub notifications which is a plus


[19-Jan-21 01:32 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I think you can do that on Discord too. I'll look into it. If not, should we change?


[19-Jan-21 01:33 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I prefer slack as it seems more formal to me but the discord interface is pretty similar to slack so I don’t mind


[19-Jan-21 01:35 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Let’s set the name as we are, so we know who we are talking with 😜


[19-Jan-21 01:35 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
done


[19-Jan-21 01:36 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I like Discord for the support.
Like bots @MEE6 help for cleaning messages, or (for example) has a leveling system so if we have a peer review at the end of the term the level is a way of determining how much they participated in communicating.
- What I've been secretly doing in past courses, which is no longer a secret.


[19-Jan-21 01:37 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Oh no, I am gonna spam for levels


[19-Jan-21 01:37 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD


[19-Jan-21 01:37 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@MEE6 ban hammer!!


[19-Jan-21 01:38 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
😆


[19-Jan-21 01:38 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I use discord more but ive used both.
Id just need to download slack on desktop


[19-Jan-21 01:38 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
same


[19-Jan-21 01:38 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Let’s al work together and help each other


[19-Jan-21 01:39 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Does anyone want to be a dedicated leader? 
Or do you all want to be leaders so we all get 0.5%?


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I couldn't view any of the vhat messages in today's lecture. Have any of you experienced that?


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yea


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
messaging other students was disabled


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
all chat was disabled


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
it was all private messages


[19-Jan-21 01:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
to the instructor or TA


[19-Jan-21 01:41 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Oh, thats unfortunate.
When I emailed the prof he seemed clueless as to what i was talking about


[19-Jan-21 01:41 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
!rank


[19-Jan-21 01:41 PM] MEE6#4876

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801174561403699220/card.png


[19-Jan-21 01:42 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe I can send him an email in chinese


[19-Jan-21 01:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
language barrier. My first question i asked he didn't really answer


[19-Jan-21 01:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
(he thought i was talking about something else)


[19-Jan-21 01:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
He did respond saying it could be a problem on my end cause other students didnt mention the issue.
I just didnt realize it was disabled


[19-Jan-21 01:44 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im fine with splitting leaders for .5 or having someone be leader for 2%


[19-Jan-21 01:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Exactly my idea


[19-Jan-21 01:45 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
But we can assign different mgmt task to different person and they are responsible for any issue related to that area

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[19-Jan-21 01:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yea, like we did in 3350


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Last question about the lecture, during the lecture when he pulled the chat onto the screen for questions was it some weird pattern?


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yup


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yes! I was going to ask about that


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I was getting like a rendering problem


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
thats the webex privacy stuff


[19-Jan-21 01:48 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Privacy thing i guess


[19-Jan-21 01:49 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Why is he using WebEx training


[19-Jan-21 01:49 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
idk


[19-Jan-21 01:49 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
better privacy?


[19-Jan-21 01:50 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I thought it was a stepdown from webex meetings in other classes


[19-Jan-21 01:51 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
think for breakout groups?


[19-Jan-21 01:51 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Does meetings not do that?


[19-Jan-21 01:51 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ive only used zoom last term


[19-Jan-21 01:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Not sure, just guessing. I believe my hci course last term also did webex training.


[19-Jan-21 01:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
there was lots of grouping


[19-Jan-21 01:52 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hci2 or 1?


[19-Jan-21 01:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
1


[19-Jan-21 01:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
3020


[19-Jan-21 01:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im in 2 this term and havent had a lecture yet


[19-Jan-21 01:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we made a real nice website


[19-Jan-21 01:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the class has started?


[19-Jan-21 01:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Mine 2 years ago was awful
She is doing Thursday lectures only

{Reactions}
😮 

[19-Jan-21 01:54 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
My website* the class was neat


[19-Jan-21 01:55 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
We made a food ordering thing and I think half of it lacked 'back' buttons 😅

{Reactions}
😜 

[19-Jan-21 01:58 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xd. Ours was also food ordering, we used images for everything so it looked more complete


[19-Jan-21 02:04 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So just to be sure tomorrow we are having a meeting here after 2:30pm

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[19-Jan-21 02:05 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Yes

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[19-Jan-21 02:05 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think we are all fine after 2:30.
We can clarify a time if needed


[19-Jan-21 02:06 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we can push to 2:45 encase anyones class goes on a bit longer


[19-Jan-21 02:06 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure


[19-Jan-21 02:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Also did he mention we need to record our meetings and post them on github?

{Reactions}
👍 

[19-Jan-21 02:12 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
any gamer in the channel?

{Reactions}
👍 😜 worrypat 

[19-Jan-21 02:12 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yea, we need to record meetings


[19-Jan-21 02:12 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
anyone opened a repo yet?


[19-Jan-21 02:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
i have a paid github account


[19-Jan-21 02:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
wait for real? >.>


[19-Jan-21 02:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
if you want i can do it


[19-Jan-21 02:14 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
sure


[19-Jan-21 02:14 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Pick a name for the repo


[19-Jan-21 02:14 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
and A TEAM NAME


[19-Jan-21 02:14 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
yeah without that i don't think we can work on it.


[19-Jan-21 02:14 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Anyway we will do it tomorrow after meeting.


[19-Jan-21 02:17 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
So, what games you guys into


[19-Jan-21 02:18 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
have only really been playing apex & gtfo recently. Other than that, not much.


[19-Jan-21 02:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ive been working on a project on the side with unity mostly


[19-Jan-21 02:20 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we have a shooter here

{Reactions}
🕵️‍♂️ 

[19-Jan-21 02:20 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I was playing apex but currently warzone


[19-Jan-21 02:20 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
it's free and quite realistic i prefer it that way


[19-Jan-21 02:21 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
What is your unity project on?


[19-Jan-21 02:23 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Dota, poe, whatever my friends are doin


[19-Jan-21 02:24 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
its a mobile srpg game

{Reactions}
poggers (2) 

[19-Jan-21 02:30 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Hey guys would you allow one more person? i recon you were saying 4 or 5. If not that's fine too.


[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yup, hes a friend of mine currently on waitlist


[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Tianlei has a friend on the waitinglist that were holding a spot for if they make it in, unfortunantely.


[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
#5 on the waitlist


[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
ok


[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i think 6 people might be to much

{Reactions}
👍 

[19-Jan-21 02:31 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
so if someone want's to be in now, can we allow him or her?


[19-Jan-21 02:32 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i would say no, it wouldn't be fair for tianlei's friend


[19-Jan-21 02:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
sure.


[19-Jan-21 02:33 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
If they don't get in from the waitinglist, and your person still don't have a group they can join for sure


[19-Jan-21 02:48 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
thanks for the update.


[19-Jan-21 02:48 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Anyone in Machine Learning?


[19-Jan-21 02:48 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
for 4 pm i recon.


[20-Jan-21 02:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
meeting?


[20-Jan-21 02:45 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I am ready


[20-Jan-21 02:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
zoom or voice channel for meeting?


[20-Jan-21 02:46 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
zoom for easier recording tbh


[20-Jan-21 02:46 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I could do either.
I doubt we have to record this one, but we are supposed to record them


[20-Jan-21 02:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://zoom.us/j/98730802570?pwd=YTVUSmhaTE1lWTh5b2x4MjdrVmtmUT09

{Embed}
https://zoom.us/j/98730802570?pwd=YTVUSmhaTE1lWTh5b2x4MjdrVmtmUT09
Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting
Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...


[20-Jan-21 02:54 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@everyone meeting ready


[20-Jan-21 03:29 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
new link?


[20-Jan-21 03:30 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://zoom.us/j/94296692553?pwd=RzhnUlN1WGMwdEo3NnNhNDNWSENVZz09

{Embed}
https://zoom.us/j/94296692553?pwd=RzhnUlN1WGMwdEo3NnNhNDNWSENVZz09
Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting
Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...


[20-Jan-21 03:30 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
sorry had connection issues for a sec


[20-Jan-21 04:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Pardon?


[20-Jan-21 04:10 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lol


[20-Jan-21 04:10 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
sure send me another link


[20-Jan-21 04:10 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we going for another?


[20-Jan-21 04:11 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://zoom.us/j/91484931313?pwd=Zk82aFU5aHQ5aWJkdDlVcmJ6RjFkQT09

{Embed}
https://zoom.us/j/91484931313?pwd=Zk82aFU5aHQ5aWJkdDlVcmJ6RjFkQT09
Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting
Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...


[20-Jan-21 04:11 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Just a short one


[20-Jan-21 04:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804 (pinned)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hfddj0BCWIr0pnyumQreaCWDKaOXA62ZM_JTSNuTg_Q/edit

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hfddj0BCWIr0pnyumQreaCWDKaOXA62ZM_JTSNuTg_Q/edit
Soft Eng 2
Red-bull  * Speedometer style app for tracking speed and potentially warning for speed limits. 	* Objective is focused 	* Previous work has been done in this area by Connor Hryhoruk and Tianlei Wang 		* https://code.cs.umanitoba.ca/comp3350-winter2020/slowdrive 	* Extra feature ideas: 		* Warning...
https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/J4MCfolycWcqVf_WCZNAMD7NIuB2PvJk8aUG3o0qO21ssMWOKJ3ZSzdn8yUrtSUkwop_1L3wKQ=w1200-h630-p


[20-Jan-21 04:35 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801580660338720848/1_-_Project_Ideas_-_January_20th.md


[20-Jan-21 11:15 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Was there any readings we had to do? I have in my notes to read some things but can't find anything about it on umlearn.


[20-Jan-21 11:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
i dont think theres any


[20-Jan-21 11:16 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Me neither


[20-Jan-21 11:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ah, alright thanks


[20-Jan-21 11:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe the recommend book?


[20-Jan-21 11:16 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
there was one reading


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
https://spectrum.ieee.org/computing/software/why-software-fails

{Embed}
https://spectrum.ieee.org/computing/software/why-software-fails

{Reactions}
👍 

[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh yea, thats it. 1.1-1.3 on one of the recommended books


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Id just skim that


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Is the textbook free?


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh thanks


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
They recommended reading that ieee blog post


[20-Jan-21 11:17 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
$200 on amazon so i doubt


[20-Jan-21 11:18 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Il take my losses 😆


[20-Jan-21 11:18 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xD


[20-Jan-21 11:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
wait actually, this mightt be it 
http://index-of.co.uk/Engineering/Software%20Engineering%20(9th%20Edition).pdf


[20-Jan-21 11:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the recommended one is the 10th edition


[20-Jan-21 11:19 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
this the 9th


[20-Jan-21 11:20 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I now have the textbook 👀

{Reactions}
😜 💯 

[21-Jan-21 11:32 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Oh good to note that we don't need implement an app and web app.
Only one is required


[21-Jan-21 11:33 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
We could do both if it benefits our project

{Reactions}
💯 

[21-Jan-21 11:37 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yeah i guess just work with the android app, if time allows we can try adding a supporting webapp.


[21-Jan-21 11:38 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I think we can stick to mobile app. Allows us to focus on finalizing the product more.
If you want, we can still build the API to keep the product as scalable as possible and for resume purposes

{Reactions}
👍 (3) 

[21-Jan-21 11:40 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
How is our waitlist person doing?


[21-Jan-21 11:40 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we can build the API, but I think it is just whether or not we want to deploy it


[21-Jan-21 11:41 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
#4 now xD


[21-Jan-21 11:41 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
cool. just want to make sure that we have our group set before we all get randomly thrown into a different group


[21-Jan-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
This looks like something from HCI

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801869703080575015/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 11:45 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
DO we have any meeting today?


[21-Jan-21 11:46 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Nothing planned


[21-Jan-21 11:46 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
i dont think so


[21-Jan-21 11:46 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Meetings will likely be posted in #meeting-schedule

{Reactions}
👍 

[21-Jan-21 11:46 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
and probably would ping everyone next time one is there


[21-Jan-21 11:46 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
so it won't be easily missed


[21-Jan-21 11:48 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Man this class is boring


[21-Jan-21 11:48 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I have no clue *why* he is explaining and showing this slide


[21-Jan-21 11:49 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe this is a COOL architectural


[21-Jan-21 11:49 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
for a sec i thought this is a kubernetes cluster


[21-Jan-21 11:49 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
its just a simple apache server


[21-Jan-21 11:49 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lol


[21-Jan-21 11:49 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
the patterned chat windows on screen bother me immensely.


[21-Jan-21 11:50 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
agreed


[21-Jan-21 11:53 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
the video is so laggy


[21-Jan-21 11:53 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
tiny voice speaking kind of giving me a headache


[21-Jan-21 11:53 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I don't think he has the required internet connection to be teaching a course


[21-Jan-21 11:54 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It could just be Webex teachings. 2 of my profs have said its an awful piece of software


[21-Jan-21 11:54 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think it just because webex


[21-Jan-21 11:54 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Funny that software engineering uses the worst version of webex

{Reactions}
😂 

[21-Jan-21 11:55 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
these slides... iyiyi

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801872506285064252/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 11:55 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I mean this is his 1st time teaching


[21-Jan-21 11:55 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Is it?


[21-Jan-21 11:55 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yea


[21-Jan-21 11:55 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Carson told me that


[21-Jan-21 11:56 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
brand new prof


[21-Jan-21 11:56 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I thought I had him in my C course a while ago or maybe as a TA


[21-Jan-21 11:56 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hes nice, just rough presentation atm


[21-Jan-21 11:56 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
There is two carson.


[21-Jan-21 11:57 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Carson Leung

{Reactions}
👍 

[21-Jan-21 11:57 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Guys i am worried will we have 4 user stories or Features?


[21-Jan-21 11:57 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think thats his last name


[21-Jan-21 11:58 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ideas for features:
Creation
Search
Manage
?

{Reactions}
👍 

[21-Jan-21 11:58 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I wrote 5 features but not that good in google doc


[21-Jan-21 11:59 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Four core features
Create business card
Share business card
find services
rate individual services
Optional,
social media page (It holds blog posts)


[21-Jan-21 11:59 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
The QR code scanner as well

{Reactions}
👍 (3) 

[21-Jan-21 11:59 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
oh yeah, the physical sharing aspect with a QR code


[21-Jan-21 12:00 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
that's within sharing


[21-Jan-21 12:00 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
i mean in the twitter silide


[21-Jan-21 12:00 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
re-tweet is not in post a tweet


[21-Jan-21 12:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
nvm they are different


[21-Jan-21 12:04 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe something like pin a business card? So it shows at the top when you have multiple business card

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[21-Jan-21 12:05 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
but you have to explain in the next meeting what you mean bu that?


[21-Jan-21 12:06 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
k, I will explain in the next meeting


[21-Jan-21 12:07 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
let's make CLI app.


[21-Jan-21 12:07 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
no interface no nothing just command line ,,,,lol

{Reactions}
🤣 (2) 

[21-Jan-21 12:07 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
o god xD


[21-Jan-21 12:07 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
If there is one thing I know, its business people love commandline

{Reactions}
😆 💯 

[21-Jan-21 12:08 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
'please type' scan_qr
/save_profile under /profiles/george

{Reactions}
🤣 

[21-Jan-21 12:09 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
could just use Vi as our business card creator

{Reactions}
😂 (2) 

[21-Jan-21 12:09 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lets use assembly for our project


[21-Jan-21 12:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
youll be the programmer


[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ill hide in a tree


[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
could put "efficient" as the reason its better than existing software


[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure we will show the world we are too cool for JAVA


[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
we code in Assembly or C


[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
^, but 3 years from now when its done

{Reactions}
💯 (2) 

[21-Jan-21 12:10 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Low level -> more permission * wink


[21-Jan-21 12:11 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I hope this material isn't *super* important and thats the reason hes not spending a lot of time on slides


[21-Jan-21 12:11 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
and it will only work for LG!

{Reactions}
😆 

[21-Jan-21 12:11 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
It's soft eng 1 on steroids


[21-Jan-21 12:11 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea... You know the lecture is hard to follow when we're going over the project during the lecture.


[21-Jan-21 12:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
yeah its like a recap but in way way way more detail

{Reactions}
💯 

[21-Jan-21 12:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
were recapping stuff I didn't even learn


[21-Jan-21 12:14 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
this is starting to look more like what we covered


[21-Jan-21 12:15 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Finally unit testing, who is up for it?


[21-Jan-21 12:15 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I like being a test monkey, but it can be dull


[21-Jan-21 12:15 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I only like being monkey


[21-Jan-21 12:15 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
true. way better.

{Reactions}
😆 

[21-Jan-21 12:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I can't even visually understand the graph hes explaining by the time he goes to next slide


[21-Jan-21 12:18 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Like I know what it is, but he covered it so quickly I couldn't recognize it


[21-Jan-21 12:18 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
time to read the book


[21-Jan-21 12:18 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
same here


[21-Jan-21 12:19 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I want statistics on time spent per slide


[21-Jan-21 12:20 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
he seems like to spend time on architectures than theories


[21-Jan-21 12:20 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
^ and whatever that github thing was


[21-Jan-21 12:21 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
some feature request for some changes in some platform and something like that...lol


[21-Jan-21 12:21 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think that's a github issue


[21-Jan-21 12:23 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
slide 52 was a good recap


[21-Jan-21 12:24 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
at least his slides are more detailed compare to Rob's


[21-Jan-21 12:24 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Yeah, this is likely his version of the slides


[21-Jan-21 12:24 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
and not a public version for students


[21-Jan-21 12:24 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
You can't find anything useful on Rob's PPT


[21-Jan-21 12:24 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
its usually 60% memes

{Reactions}
💯 

[21-Jan-21 12:25 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
maybe I just learn better through memes


[21-Jan-21 12:25 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I can recall them more I guess


[21-Jan-21 12:25 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Never took a class with Rob, how is he though?


[21-Jan-21 12:26 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hes the hip young teacher personality. Very friendly and makes jokes frequently


[21-Jan-21 12:27 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I find I recall his material more just cause Its more interesting the way he explains it


[21-Jan-21 12:27 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
guyz my Nutrition course prof, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lrG65DdBl8

{Embed}
AOCS American Oil Chemists' Society
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lrG65DdBl8
Michael Eskin Lipids Rap
"Lipids Get a Real Bad Rap: It's Just Not Fair."  N.A. Michael Eskin raps about lipids on location at the 103rd AOCS Annual Meeting & Expo in Long Beach, CA.
http://annualmeeting.aocs.org
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/6lrG65DdBl8/maxresdefault.jpg

{Reactions}
🔥 

[21-Jan-21 12:27 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
He is quite good.


[21-Jan-21 12:38 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ah these tests and quizzes are going to be rough. Could barely follow along that lecture


[21-Jan-21 12:39 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
He got some mad groooove!!!


[21-Jan-21 12:39 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
How much mark is assigned to quizes?


[21-Jan-21 12:41 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
hm dont remember, and the slides cover it by only showing <number>

The project I believe was 60% or so though


[21-Jan-21 12:41 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im not actually sure if hes posted the Roass


[21-Jan-21 12:42 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801884330607378472/unknown.png

{Reactions}
👌 (2) 

[21-Jan-21 12:42 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we got it at the same time


[21-Jan-21 12:42 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
xD


[21-Jan-21 12:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
from slides

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801884483124854814/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 12:42 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Not bad most marks are in project and assinment.


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
that save our ass as long as we are good with the project


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
so 2.5% per quiz probably?
Thats definitely worth trying to figure out what is important from the slides then


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
wait @Rrestoring Faith  your slides are bugged?


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
its just me? o.0


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
mine are fine


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
can you screenshot the entire window?


[21-Jan-21 12:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Mine is like this

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801884773370036224/unknown.png

{Reactions}
👍 

[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801884825153175602/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I am just on the UMLearn's preview, not downloaded


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
weird


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
which browser is that?


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
firefox


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh wait it could be my extension


[21-Jan-21 12:44 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im on chrome. Did you try downloading them to see if its different?


[21-Jan-21 12:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
im using chrome also


[21-Jan-21 12:45 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the download is a pptx file, no idea what that is and can't open it lmao


[21-Jan-21 12:45 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
powerpointsomething


[21-Jan-21 12:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ah


[21-Jan-21 12:46 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I can open it with my old ass version of powerpoint


[21-Jan-21 12:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
chrome doesn't work either for me


[21-Jan-21 12:47 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
did you click on the view as text?


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh it works with doc reader though. Should be gucci. But its really slow changing between slideds with that


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I got similar stuff when click on view as text

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801885949704273950/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
thats probably cause there are 70something slides


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ohhhh


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
thats it


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
thanks


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
why on earth would that be default


[21-Jan-21 12:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lol


[21-Jan-21 12:50 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Best part about being in compsci, if you have any issues at all with material or software the classmates are pretty much the best people to ask


[21-Jan-21 12:50 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
😅 true


[21-Jan-21 12:54 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
This is sprint 1

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/801887556169629776/unknown.png


[21-Jan-21 12:55 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
just issues and stuff, no real development


[21-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
do we have any for sure name for the project yet?


[21-Jan-21 12:56 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
CareerCard and stuff


[21-Jan-21 12:56 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we decide on the next meeting?

{Reactions}
👍 

[21-Jan-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
K


[22-Jan-21 09:13 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Pinned a message.


[22-Jan-21 09:22 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I've sent our current group to the TA just so we aren't moved to random teams while waiting for the 5th.

{Reactions}
👍 

[22-Jan-21 09:23 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Awesome


[22-Jan-21 11:10 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So we have 4 in the team, not 5, correct?


[22-Jan-21 03:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea, at the moment.


[22-Jan-21 03:16 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Still unsure about the waitinglist person


[22-Jan-21 03:16 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
#3 now xD


[23-Jan-21 10:45 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Good morning and have a great weekend guyz.


[23-Jan-21 11:04 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
You too mate.
Ill have some time tomorrow to help out with that proposal so we can get that done before next week and submit to TA to start 1st milestone asap.


[23-Jan-21 11:05 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure


[24-Jan-21 07:26 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Anyone remember how user stories are supposed to be written? 
They don't explain any technology right? Just a users perspective?


[24-Jan-21 07:27 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
(Don't see it in notes anywhere)


[24-Jan-21 07:27 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think its like:
"As a X, I want to be able to do Y."


[24-Jan-21 07:27 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
And rarely a "because Z" is added to the end


[24-Jan-21 07:27 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
If reasoning would be important


[24-Jan-21 07:28 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
👌


[24-Jan-21 07:28 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I can try helping out or go over some of them in a sec, im finishing a distributed computing lecture rn


[24-Jan-21 07:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Darn I forgot all this


[24-Jan-21 07:35 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
We still need the github repo, and then I believe we just the info and user stories their.
Also need everyones names and github usernames listed in the readme


[24-Jan-21 07:35 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
my full names:
Connor Hryhoruk github profile: h-connor (I think)


[24-Jan-21 07:36 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Let’s meet tomorrow and confirm the app name for can create the repo


[24-Jan-21 07:36 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Can the repo be renamed once created?


[24-Jan-21 07:36 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I have never done it but will check and get back to you in a moment


[24-Jan-21 07:37 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yes I can


[24-Jan-21 07:37 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I will do it right away


[24-Jan-21 07:37 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@everyone 
Would everyone be available for a meeting tomorrow


[24-Jan-21 07:38 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
We should find some specific slot throughout the week where we all will be available


[24-Jan-21 07:38 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I should be available tomorrow after 12:30


[24-Jan-21 07:38 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Also keep in mind the rubric for 1st sprint says "Commit logs descriptive".
So be sure to summarize whatever you commit well, always.


[24-Jan-21 07:39 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Since it’s a remote project it is wise to agree on a specific time


[24-Jan-21 07:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yeaa. The only time I can garuntee throughout the term would be sunday's. Otherwise it can vary in the month depending on work schedule.
[I don't work sunday though]


[24-Jan-21 07:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Maybe at the end of every meeting we figure out the time for the next meeting


[24-Jan-21 07:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
unless a monthly meeting schedule

{Reactions}
👍 

[24-Jan-21 07:41 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I'd be available after 2:30pm tomorrow


[24-Jan-21 07:42 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Hey what’s ur GitHub username


[24-Jan-21 07:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
h-connor


[24-Jan-21 07:43 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
U got the invite?


[24-Jan-21 07:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
il be a half hour then I can help stuff


[24-Jan-21 07:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yep I got it. Although the link is broken


[24-Jan-21 07:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
https://github.com/AbirAahammed/career-book/wiki


[24-Jan-21 07:44 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803077828785602570/unknown.png


[24-Jan-21 07:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
https://github.com/AbirAahammed/career-book


[24-Jan-21 07:45 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
none of those work for me


[24-Jan-21 07:45 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
permission set to only you or something like that?


[24-Jan-21 07:46 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Can you try now?


[24-Jan-21 07:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the link you gave on discord is good now, but may have to resend the invite link


[24-Jan-21 07:47 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Can you try now

{Reactions}
👍 💯 

[24-Jan-21 08:05 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Im also free after 2:30 pm tmr

{Reactions}
👍 

[24-Jan-21 08:09 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Same here


[24-Jan-21 08:10 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
3pm?

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[24-Jan-21 08:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
That works for me


[24-Jan-21 08:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
also where did you want our github stuff?


[24-Jan-21 08:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
<https://github.com/ConnorGehman>


[24-Jan-21 08:11 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
abir made a repo all G


[24-Jan-21 09:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I have added you as a collaborator


[24-Jan-21 09:34 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Thank you, I was able to accept fine.


[24-Jan-21 09:34 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
guyz what template you want for the project,


[24-Jan-21 09:35 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess basic Kanban is enough


[24-Jan-21 09:35 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
sure


[25-Jan-21 02:51 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
are we ready for the meeting


[25-Jan-21 02:51 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
?


[25-Jan-21 02:52 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I am


[25-Jan-21 02:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
we gotta pick a separate name for the Connors of the team


[25-Jan-21 02:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
:p


[25-Jan-21 02:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
😆

{Reactions}
😆 

[25-Jan-21 02:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess @Rrestoring Faith  will set a zoom meeting


[25-Jan-21 03:01 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://zoom.us/j/94138234514?pwd=UnVjTUdPV04rZUd3N3dNVjZNTmtYdz09

{Embed}
https://zoom.us/j/94138234514?pwd=UnVjTUdPV04rZUd3N3dNVjZNTmtYdz09
Join our Cloud HD Video Meeting
Zoom is the leader in modern enterprise video communications, with an easy, reliable cloud platform for video and audio conferencing, chat, and webinars across mobile, desktop, and room systems. Zoom Rooms is the original software-based conference room solution used around the world in board, conference, huddle, and training rooms, as well as ex...


[25-Jan-21 03:24 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
https://github.com/notifications

{Embed}
https://github.com/notifications
Build software better, together
GitHub is where people build software. More than 56 million people use GitHub to discover, fork, and contribute to over 100 million projects.
https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/open_graph/github-logo.png


[25-Jan-21 03:41 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I will send the mail this evening, to the TA's


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
That sounds good.
Any quick notes to add just in text here?


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
and Friday evening TA meeting, that is vague, can you guyz give a specific time range?


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I should be good after 2:30pm


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
anytime


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I am available at any time during Friday.


[25-Jan-21 03:42 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
How about wang?


[25-Jan-21 03:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@王三岁半✨


[25-Jan-21 03:43 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I will go over your project proposal a bit in the Google doc to make sure it is free of errors and looks good. @Rrestoring Faith

{Reactions}
👌 

[25-Jan-21 03:44 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
also after 2:30


[25-Jan-21 03:44 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803379734142648400/unknown.png


[25-Jan-21 03:44 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
here, this is much more clear breakdown


[25-Jan-21 03:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
ok will try to secure a meeting after 3 pm just to be sure that everyone is well rested and ready to roll


[25-Jan-21 03:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
On friday

{Reactions}
👍 (3) 

[25-Jan-21 03:45 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I didn't follow the template since it wasn't posted at the time. But it's quite similar, our vision might be kind of merged with our summary a bit.

The core features are also listed as user stories


[25-Jan-21 03:45 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
see ya later guyz, heading out

{Reactions}
👋 (3) 

[25-Jan-21 03:46 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803380254973362217/2_-_App_name__Sprint_1_Discussion_-_January_25th.md


[25-Jan-21 03:46 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Readme: the info of your team members,  languages & techniques, description, objective, core features


[25-Jan-21 03:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
We also need to start doing meeting minutes. I'll prepare that for next meeting. I guess we can 'half do it' from previous meeting


[25-Jan-21 03:47 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
What are the meeting minutes? I can't find that


[25-Jan-21 03:47 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Oh I see it, do they just want the times we have had meetings?


[25-Jan-21 03:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
its not anywhere in the course. But it's basically a description of what will be held in the meeting, who is saying what / what is being discussed, with a rough time estimate on how long it will take


[25-Jan-21 03:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
things like that


[25-Jan-21 03:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
The rubric just says meeting minutes xD so idk

All good though. Can just take a template online. Or maybe I can try to find one at my work place that they use :#


[25-Jan-21 03:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Do we have a team name yet?


[25-Jan-21 03:51 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Would we make it separate from our project name?
We have put our teamname as "Redbull" atm in the googledoc

{Reactions}
😂 

[25-Jan-21 03:51 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
is this name copy righted? xD


[25-Jan-21 03:52 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
We kept repeating it to see if you were ok with it xD.

We decided on e-card


[25-Jan-21 03:52 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ok so project name will be the same as our group name then


[25-Jan-21 03:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Will go with E-card.
Career book is something to fall back on, but im afraid Career Share is kind of a thing <https://careershare.net/>


[25-Jan-21 03:53 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we are the **E-Card** group


[25-Jan-21 03:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Ph we can compete with them


[25-Jan-21 03:54 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
They took our name ~ is what we say in court

{Reactions}
😂 (2) 

[25-Jan-21 03:55 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I can help with the readme format stuff, got plenty of experience from COMP 3040


[25-Jan-21 04:03 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Just to be sure, we will be changing our name from Career Book to E-Card in the proposals and stuff?


[25-Jan-21 04:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think so


[25-Jan-21 04:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea, unless we'd like a different name


[25-Jan-21 04:13 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im currently just trying to format the proposal using the template, and Il be changing all the mentions of Career Book to E-Card


[25-Jan-21 04:14 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Would you like me to post the proposal in #project-files when Im done?
I can also try seeing if copy/paste looks alright in the google doc and make a section for it.


[25-Jan-21 04:29 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@everyone I have posted a version of our project proposal formatted with the new template in #project-files


[26-Jan-21 09:05 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@BiPolarPolarBear and @王三岁半✨ can you guyz please share your um email address with me ?


[26-Jan-21 09:09 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@everyone  one TA is available all day tomorrow. Wanna give him a shot?


[26-Jan-21 09:34 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Ximing Dong replied with availability @  3 pm - 3.20 pm Friday


[26-Jan-21 10:22 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@Abir Ahammed gehmanc@myumanitoba.ca

Also that time works for me


[26-Jan-21 10:37 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Should be ight.

I would not be able to do Thursday.


[26-Jan-21 10:37 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
no the first TA is asking a time for tomorrow.


[26-Jan-21 10:38 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So should I confirm for tomorrow or it's better to assign a Friday meeting so it gives us time to be prepared


[26-Jan-21 10:38 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Wangt316@myumanitoba.ca

{Reactions}
👍 

[26-Jan-21 10:56 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I'm free tmr after 5..


[26-Jan-21 10:56 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@everyone  no worries i have set the meeting for 3 pm on Friday

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[26-Jan-21 10:57 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So it shouldn't be a problem for anyone i hope


[26-Jan-21 10:57 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
And also I realized I have a haircut appointment on Friday😩


[26-Jan-21 10:58 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
would need to leave after 4 ish


[26-Jan-21 10:58 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
hopefully would not be long


[26-Jan-21 10:59 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
yeah for sure, will try to keep it under 30 min


[26-Jan-21 11:31 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
That does not look like my name😂

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803678402259320903/unknown.png


[26-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
o.0 Uhhhh woops 😹 
I don't remember writing it like that


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Team name was redbull right?


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think we were gonna change it to just E-Card


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
There's the project name


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Team name = Project name? 😛


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
and the team name


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
why not


[26-Jan-21 11:33 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yeah maybe that's a good idea


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Slides posted now for 3rd lecture


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
wait theres a quiz


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
today


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
?


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
should be 28th


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh ok phew


[26-Jan-21 11:34 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Thursday


[26-Jan-21 11:37 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803680082106646538/unknown.png

{Reactions}
💯 

[26-Jan-21 12:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
The quiz contains the lecture material from that class? lame


[26-Jan-21 12:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Also my life is a lie

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/803688059929231360/unknown.png

{Reactions}
😂 

[26-Jan-21 12:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
lol


[26-Jan-21 12:22 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Wait. is this actually content we will be tested on?


[26-Jan-21 12:23 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hes spent more time on this day/time of day bugs than the rest of the stuff 😆


[26-Jan-21 12:23 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
ppl actually do research on this


[26-Jan-21 12:23 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
what a surprise


[26-Jan-21 12:24 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
??


[26-Jan-21 12:24 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
wait we need to read?


[26-Jan-21 12:24 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
gotta research it to prove it


[26-Jan-21 12:24 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the textbook is optional


[26-Jan-21 12:24 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
,let’s keep this channel open during quiz


[26-Jan-21 12:25 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Since it’s open textbook


[26-Jan-21 12:26 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
So the textbook isn't necessary, but there will be questions from the textbook. So its required


[26-Jan-21 12:26 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
ya


[26-Jan-21 12:26 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
that is confusing


[26-Jan-21 04:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Wait wa


[26-Jan-21 04:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I thought he mentioned the textbook readings are basically what is being covered


[26-Jan-21 04:41 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It probably is, but he said there would be questions from the textbook


[27-Jan-21 02:32 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
did he posted the textbook yet?


[27-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yo, good news


[27-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804103118941585488/unknown.png

{Reactions}
👍 (3) 

[27-Jan-21 03:39 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
no questions from the book


[27-Jan-21 04:28 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Would the quiz include Lecture 4 slides?


[27-Jan-21 04:29 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think everything up to Tuesday


[27-Jan-21 09:41 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Here's my notes for the quiz tmr. It has everything except for the 2 researches(Friday coding and the other one...) at the end.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804194455816110090/notes.docx


[27-Jan-21 09:42 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Oh, thankyou!


[27-Jan-21 09:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
np xD


[28-Jan-21 11:28 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Has he mentioned how the quiz is taking place? Like iclicker, or umlearn, crowdmark, etc..


[28-Jan-21 11:30 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I don't know, but in Assignments, Quiz 1 starts 11:59 AM


[28-Jan-21 11:31 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh ok, i see it


[28-Jan-21 11:31 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
thanks


[28-Jan-21 11:31 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
This is probably one of the worst teaching experiences I have ever had


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Including Operating Systems with Rashit, its competitive


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
think my databases course is worse atm 😛


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ah


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yeah I was also looking for it


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
At least the notes are alright


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Is the quiz open book or something?


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
i have no clue


[28-Jan-21 11:32 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
it has to be


[28-Jan-21 11:33 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
they can't garuntee students don't look at notes


[28-Jan-21 11:33 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
open book TF questions


[28-Jan-21 11:34 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
10 T/F in 20 minutes


[28-Jan-21 11:34 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I guess we are submitting it like an assignment??


[28-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
easy game


[28-Jan-21 11:34 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
its probably like the normal um learn quizes


[28-Jan-21 11:35 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Check the last slide of today’s class


[28-Jan-21 11:35 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
It has some info on quiz


[28-Jan-21 11:35 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
then imo it should be in quizzes.. But seeing as our  class is hosted on Webex Teachings atm I don't think thats something we can ask for


[28-Jan-21 11:36 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
love that the screenshot is just the instructors page, we don't see it  like that. xD

{Reactions}
🤣 (3) 

[28-Jan-21 11:37 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I mean the ROASS of this course is a PPT file


[28-Jan-21 11:41 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It seems like he kept all the normal lecture material in and just decided hed speed up by 30% to give us  20 minutes for a quiz at the end of class

{Reactions}
💯 

[28-Jan-21 11:42 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
speed run the lecture


[28-Jan-21 11:43 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Why does copying text from notes in powerpoint copy as image

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804406225315561512/unknown.png


[28-Jan-21 11:44 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
including today


[28-Jan-21 11:44 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Hes  out of his mind 🤮


[28-Jan-21 11:45 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
guys, our 5th member is in


[28-Jan-21 11:45 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
👀


[28-Jan-21 11:45 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
do you think he can do the quiz


[28-Jan-21 11:45 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
😂


[28-Jan-21 11:46 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i haven't been paying attention. really hope this aint on quiz xD


[28-Jan-21 11:46 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
He got this


[28-Jan-21 11:46 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
everything up to now has been review. so might actually be able to pass it


[28-Jan-21 11:46 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
So far this lecture:
User stories should have acceptance tests that check they have been completed.
Usually done by automated testing such as DevOps


[28-Jan-21 11:47 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think 4350 is just 3350 in depth


[28-Jan-21 11:47 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
everything so far we have some knowledge from 3350


[28-Jan-21 11:47 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Yeah a lot of this I already kind of know, but its still a lot.


[28-Jan-21 11:50 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Good to know. Testing sprint 3, acceptance testing can be implemented then. Sprint 1 uses just a description of how we will run them.


[28-Jan-21 11:52 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
ah yes hierarchy from 2150


[28-Jan-21 11:53 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
ah yes programming standard


[28-Jan-21 11:53 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
idk why we spending time on these...


[28-Jan-21 11:54 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
**Extreme Programming**
Incremental, doesn't continue until all tests pass. Very quick increments.

**User Stories:**
User stories should have acceptance tests that check they have been completed.
Usually done by automated testing such as DevOps

**Refactoring:**
Don't right shitty code, name stuff properly, create methods for duplicate code, and use hierarchies when necessary.

**Test-Driven Development**
Create test -> Write code until the test passes -> refactor code.
Good practice to involve customers in the process.
Difficult to judge completeness of tests, especially before code is written.
Does increase development time required.

**Pair Programming**
Programmers develop code together.
One codes, one watches while suggesting solutions.
Pairs are changed frequently.
Developers end up knowing much more about the code they work with.
Serves as an informal review.
Reduces project risks, still fairly efficient.

**Scrum**
Objectives -> Incremental sprints -> finish and complete documentation.
Short daily meetings (Scrums)
Usually iterate in 2-4 weeks.
When a sprint is commited, they won't change the plan.
Good for management, everyone is kept up to date on the project.

{Reactions}
💯 (2) 

[28-Jan-21 11:54 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
just gonna keep updating that up to the quiz


[28-Jan-21 11:56 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
**Test case before coding**


[28-Jan-21 12:07 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
you guys wanna do pair programming for the project? xD


[28-Jan-21 12:07 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
just hivemind it


[28-Jan-21 12:08 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
sharescreens on zoom while writing the same method


[28-Jan-21 12:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I see a super Merge conflict incoming xD

{Reactions}
😅 

[28-Jan-21 12:08 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh wait. "same computer"


[28-Jan-21 12:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
The quiz is available lmao


[28-Jan-21 12:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
and its a download file


[28-Jan-21 12:11 PM] CBM#2751
Joined the server.


[28-Jan-21 12:11 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
hola 🙂


[28-Jan-21 12:12 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
uh this lecture is on the quiz


[28-Jan-21 12:12 PM] CBM#2751
Hello


[28-Jan-21 12:12 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yup


[28-Jan-21 12:12 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
hello


[28-Jan-21 12:35 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
hello


[28-Jan-21 12:35 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
xD


[28-Jan-21 12:36 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I will finish writing up the readme file today sorry guyz was stuck on some other stuff

{Reactions}
👌 (3) 

[28-Jan-21 12:38 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I posted a proposal example we could use that follows the template in #project-files


[28-Jan-21 12:40 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
so howd the quiz go


[28-Jan-21 12:41 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think it was alright, but there were a lot of poorly worded questions


[28-Jan-21 12:41 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
still up for 5 mins xD


[28-Jan-21 12:41 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oop


[28-Jan-21 12:42 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
the last and 3rd last were so confusing


[28-Jan-21 12:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
downloading files not the way to go


[28-Jan-21 12:43 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
2.5% marks for this quiz right?


[28-Jan-21 12:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yea


[28-Jan-21 12:43 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
.25% per quesiton


[28-Jan-21 12:43 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I hate formal English


[28-Jan-21 12:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I almost submitted my notes instead of my quiz


[28-Jan-21 12:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
😂

{Reactions}
😅 (2) 

[28-Jan-21 12:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://tenor.com/view/spit-take-laugh-lmao-gif-9271200

{Embed}
https://tenor.com/view/spit-take-laugh-lmao-gif-9271200
https://media.tenor.co/images/7a6663b46538288ad2839fc8f2e991a9/tenor.png


[28-Jan-21 12:50 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Don't forget meeting with TA tmr at 3

{Reactions}
👌 

[28-Jan-21 12:51 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yea


[28-Jan-21 12:57 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
So to catch you up with our project,
We're going to be working on a mobile business card sharer.

So if you think about a business card of an employee that has their contact info and position, this app allows you to create a profile with that information, and share it so that you don't need a physical card.

We were thinking of using a QR code, where you scan somebody's code so that you can view their profile / card.


[28-Jan-21 12:57 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
There will be an online database, and an API to manage the functions of using that database


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
And welcome to team redbull 😉 
Or whatever the heck our group name is


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] CBM#2751
Thanks!


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
If we are using fire base I recon we can exclude intermediate API


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Might have listed it as E-Card. same as project name


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I can explain to him about our project


[28-Jan-21 12:58 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
no worry


[28-Jan-21 12:59 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we need a reference commit right?


[28-Jan-21 01:00 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Can we have an issue for readme or something?

{Reactions}
👍 

[28-Jan-21 01:00 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
since we are not writing code in this sprint


[28-Jan-21 01:33 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
We are pretty good for proposal, but one new issue:
He updated the proposal template and now the final part incomplete.

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804434059379998780/unknown.png


[28-Jan-21 01:34 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Also I forgot if we mentioned stakeholders, but that should be pretty self-explanatory.


[28-Jan-21 10:50 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@Abir Ahammed Trying to review with Github Desktop atm. You made changes to the documentation/readme branch's README.md file correct?


[28-Jan-21 10:51 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
First time using it so Im just trying to figure it out


[28-Jan-21 10:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yeah


[28-Jan-21 10:52 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Created a pull request and sent review request to u all


[28-Jan-21 10:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think I approved it?


[28-Jan-21 10:54 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I also have the option to merge it.


[28-Jan-21 10:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Don’t merge it yet


[28-Jan-21 10:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
You guys can comment too


[29-Jan-21 02:49 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@everyone 
Hello guys, project proposal meeting with the TA is in 10 minutes (We chose Ximing Dong for the meeting right?). Just wanted to clarify how we plan to propose our project since we will probably have little time in the meeting to do so.


[29-Jan-21 02:52 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Also should I upload the current version of the project proposal to the github branch right now?


[29-Jan-21 02:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea I think we can do that.
Encase the TA wants it


[29-Jan-21 02:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Should I commit directly since its a new file to avoid requiring a pull request before the meeting?


[29-Jan-21 02:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It will just be the .docx


[29-Jan-21 02:54 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
make pull request


[29-Jan-21 02:55 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
or yea nvm i guess just upload it


[29-Jan-21 02:55 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we can pull request it after


[29-Jan-21 02:55 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
im doing a pull request. should be straight forward


[29-Jan-21 02:55 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
could i set you to review it


[29-Jan-21 02:56 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
its just the word doc that was in #project-files


[29-Jan-21 02:56 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@Abir Ahammed Where are we meeting TA?


[29-Jan-21 02:57 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Id assume in their webex meeting


[29-Jan-21 02:57 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
though it does *end* at 3pm


[29-Jan-21 02:57 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
could you share link?


[29-Jan-21 02:57 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
may work?
https://universityofmanitoba.desire2learn.com/d2l/common/dialogs/quickLink/quickLink.d2l?ou=391376&type=lti&rcode=UManitoba-1059888&srcou=6606&launchFramed=1&framedName=Cisco+Webex


[29-Jan-21 02:57 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think we just join webex


[29-Jan-21 02:58 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
should I join the webex now or wait til 3?


[29-Jan-21 02:59 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@王三岁半✨ Can you quickly comment the pull request then we can merge?


[29-Jan-21 02:59 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
may as well join


[29-Jan-21 02:59 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I added everyone to the review list. anyone can do it then


[29-Jan-21 03:00 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
im joining webex


[29-Jan-21 03:00 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
or not


[29-Jan-21 03:00 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
done


[29-Jan-21 03:01 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
wait I cant join the meeting


[29-Jan-21 03:01 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Yeah it appearantly ended at 3.


[29-Jan-21 03:01 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I thought that would just be a loose time


[29-Jan-21 03:02 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Is there a link or something


[29-Jan-21 03:03 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Not that I am aware of


[29-Jan-21 03:04 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
@Abir Ahammed


[29-Jan-21 03:04 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Join in Cisco WebEx


[29-Jan-21 03:05 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
its ended


[29-Jan-21 03:06 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
He asked us join at 3 pm


[29-Jan-21 03:06 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Give me a sec


[29-Jan-21 03:06 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
His office hours were scheduled for 1-3pm so at 3pm the webex meeting closed.


[29-Jan-21 03:07 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I have emailed him


[29-Jan-21 03:07 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Hoping he will reply


[29-Jan-21 03:07 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
alright cool


[29-Jan-21 03:07 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
im in meeting with him atm


[29-Jan-21 03:08 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I hope it should be fairly quick anyway. We now have the information on our github available.

oh also CBM needs to be added to the repository


[29-Jan-21 03:08 PM] CBM#2751
He replied me email about grouping 20mins ago. He is online.


[29-Jan-21 03:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
tell him we cant join😂


[29-Jan-21 03:08 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
How will I join?


[29-Jan-21 03:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe invite him to a zoom meeting instead


[29-Jan-21 03:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
he doesnt know how to let ppl in xD give us sec


[29-Jan-21 03:09 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
alright, 👍


[29-Jan-21 03:09 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I guess people that joined before 3 could remain in it?


[29-Jan-21 03:09 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I merged the proposal anyway


[29-Jan-21 03:10 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@Abir Ahammed Can you enter from the link the TA gave you?


[29-Jan-21 03:10 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804820911508684850/unknown.png


[29-Jan-21 03:11 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
still no join


[29-Jan-21 03:11 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Negative


[29-Jan-21 03:12 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
If anyone in the meeting do the talking on behalf of us


[29-Jan-21 03:12 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess we all are pretty clear on our goal and planning


[29-Jan-21 03:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think its just Connor H that got in?


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
the thing is then we need Connor to record the feedbacks


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
My food delivery guys was late I had find him


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sorry guys


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
oof


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
only if they used Zoom


[29-Jan-21 03:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I was late


[29-Jan-21 03:14 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
There are 2 branches on github:
Documentation/read-me
&
feature/project-proposal.


[29-Jan-21 03:15 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
we can move them around later if needed, but the information is there.


[29-Jan-21 03:15 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess all non technical documentation stuff should use Prefix documentation so it’s easier to handle


[29-Jan-21 03:15 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
It helps managing the branches that’s why I did it but if you guys don’t think that’s a good idea we can change


[29-Jan-21 03:16 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
wel figure that out later. Atm I just want to know if we can do anything to help for the TA meeting?


[29-Jan-21 03:17 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Can he join zoom and share WebEx


[29-Jan-21 03:17 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I don’t know if that’s possible


[29-Jan-21 03:21 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@CBM 
@Abir Ahammed 
We should probably get CBM added to the github repository.
If you have a github account, could you post a link to it in the discord?

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804823603006406676/unknown.png


[29-Jan-21 03:22 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Drop it here I will add u


[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] CBM#2751
My ID is CBM6 @BiPolarPolarBear


[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
@everyone 
Ok so:
Our proposal is good, project approved.
We have a clear goal.

He noted that we met him.
He said we do not have to meet with him again unless we have a question, and to try to come earlier since he doesn't know how to let people in after the hours.

We must hand in the proposal to the prof via UM_Learn as well when it is completed.

And if we are unable to complete the API, we do not have to do it

{Reactions}
emoji_43 (2) 

[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
ask about our 5th member


[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ok thankyou! 🙏


[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh I just left the meeting @王三岁半✨ We'll have to email about that haha xDD


[29-Jan-21 03:23 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Thank you so much man that was really helpful


[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Alright


[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] CBM#2751
Thanks!


[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I will start coping user stories and features to our git issues


[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Use the group email chain so We all know what’s going on

{Reactions}
👍 

[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I just got an amp delivered so I have to go check that. Il try to keep an eye on discord app too right now


[29-Jan-21 03:24 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
His english wasn't the best, communicating was hard xDD
[It's fine, but sometime miss-communication]


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@CBM I need your unit ID and your full name to for updating to readme


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
you know what


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I will discuss with him in Chinese next meeting

{Reactions}
👍 

[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] CBM#2751
My umid


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] CBM#2751
is


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
That would help, and boost us up plz do xD


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] CBM#2751
mac3456


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yes


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] CBM#2751
My full name is Chenbo Ma

{Reactions}
👍 

[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
me and @CBM both speaks Chinese


[29-Jan-21 03:25 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
xD


[29-Jan-21 03:26 PM] CBM#2751
XD


[29-Jan-21 03:27 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I have Invited @CBM To get up so please except my request


[29-Jan-21 03:28 PM] CBM#2751
I am in. Thanks


[29-Jan-21 03:28 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
do we need an estimates time in our issues?


[29-Jan-21 03:28 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
What's your email?


[29-Jan-21 03:28 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Yep


[29-Jan-21 03:29 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
um email


[29-Jan-21 03:29 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
That would be great


[29-Jan-21 03:31 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Chenbo Ma is listed as being with a different team on the docs so we gotta email quick about that


[29-Jan-21 03:31 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ill send one to the ta


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
what deve model we want to use?


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
incremental?


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure hey @CBM confirm your credentials in the pr


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
as long as its not waterfall


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
or Agile


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Agile


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
then no priorities i guess?


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
But we will follow along incremental


[29-Jan-21 03:32 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Go for agile when it serves


[29-Jan-21 03:33 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
The bigger question is are we going full stack?


[29-Jan-21 03:33 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
whatever we can change lable anyway


[29-Jan-21 03:33 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I will put priority for each at the moment


[29-Jan-21 03:34 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
what do you mean🤔


[29-Jan-21 03:36 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Well one guy only works on the user interface and the other guy works on database and someone else works on the logic


[29-Jan-21 03:36 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we can try for one sprint


[29-Jan-21 03:36 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure


[29-Jan-21 03:36 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
and see if it works for us


[29-Jan-21 03:37 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So guys do I need to change anything in the read me a file and I have some stuff to talk about in the next meeting


[29-Jan-21 03:37 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
did anyone have chenbo's email?


[29-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
mac3456?


[29-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
@myumanitoba.ca


[29-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
maybe


[29-Jan-21 03:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yea I think thats his UMnetID


[29-Jan-21 03:39 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
no results


[29-Jan-21 03:39 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804828199556481044/unknown.png

{Reactions}
👌 

[29-Jan-21 03:40 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
mac3456@myumanitoba.ca


[29-Jan-21 03:43 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Thanks @CBM


[29-Jan-21 03:44 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@everyone Everything good for today?


[29-Jan-21 03:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I will start doing the issues and stuff


[29-Jan-21 03:45 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
If we all are free let’s set up a quick meeting I think it’ll be easier for us to create a user stories that way


[29-Jan-21 03:45 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
join voice chat?


[29-Jan-21 03:46 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
i need to leave like 15 mins


[29-Jan-21 03:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804832142911471636/firebase.png


[29-Jan-21 04:02 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YGLucsQwopMD4quGXfhTH_WbGr-RchNpYaIKylML3vI/edit

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YGLucsQwopMD4quGXfhTH_WbGr-RchNpYaIKylML3vI/edit
Teams for Comp4350
Sheet1

Team name,Team member1 (name and email),Team member2,Team member3 ,Team member 4,project name,comments (Please leave comments here if you would like to find team mates)
Ronnie D'Souza (dsouzar4@myumanitoba.ca),Justin M.C. Choi (choijm3@myumanitoba.ca),Hualong Qiao (qiaoh@myumanitoba.ca),A...
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/KfhYGa3_zvHJX455B6YPNQpSRVSrtmKmtdjiezPgk6u5iZiqnZRLcFFAR5XexNcdPamL77nvVQ=w1200-h630-p


[29-Jan-21 05:51 PM] CBM#2751
Nice

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/804861422906638386/image0.png

{Reactions}
👏 (3) 

[01-Feb-21 03:02 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Hello Guyz happy Monday 🤣

{Reactions}
🙂 (2) 

[01-Feb-21 03:02 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
ello

{Reactions}
👍 

[01-Feb-21 03:03 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Everyone alive ?🤣


[01-Feb-21 03:03 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Mostly

{Reactions}
🤣 

[01-Feb-21 03:03 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Im alive


[01-Feb-21 03:03 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Good one


[01-Feb-21 03:03 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Stumped on what to do for HCI2 but will probably figure it out by the end of today


[01-Feb-21 03:04 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I haven’t even taken that course how is it though?


[01-Feb-21 03:04 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It seems like just the first HCI x2


[01-Feb-21 03:04 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I don't like it, but the first one was pretty fair on marking.


[01-Feb-21 03:05 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Its like design decisions when creating software/hardware


[01-Feb-21 03:05 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
This one is more focused on doing research on the users of said software / hardware currently


[01-Feb-21 03:06 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sounds like soft eng


[01-Feb-21 03:06 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Stuff like "Why is the back button on the right side of the screen for all but the last page", etc

{Reactions}
🧐 

[01-Feb-21 03:06 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
2 project based course in one term? wow,a mad man😂


[01-Feb-21 03:06 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I legit didn't know it would be a group project but should have guessed 😅


[01-Feb-21 03:06 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
If its similar to the first class il be fine

{Reactions}
🙏 

[01-Feb-21 03:07 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Best of luck man


[01-Feb-21 03:07 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Sprint 1 is due on the 5th correct?


[01-Feb-21 03:07 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yup this Friday


[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
We need to meet to finalize


[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
agreed


[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
we would also need another meeting with TA


[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I recon Wednesday is a good idea

{Reactions}
👍 

[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Didn't the TA say we were good to go without another meeting?

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Did he?


[01-Feb-21 03:08 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Yea, just needa make sure everythings set. But we pretty gucci for sprint 1


[01-Feb-21 03:09 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
So I heard


[01-Feb-21 03:09 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
aye


[01-Feb-21 03:09 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
If we have any questions we can meet again, otherwise we do not have to


[01-Feb-21 03:09 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
ah, ok


[01-Feb-21 03:10 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lets meet up on Wednesday, and check if there's anything missing


[01-Feb-21 03:10 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ok


[01-Feb-21 03:11 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
time suggestion?


[01-Feb-21 03:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im good for any time after 12:30 on Wed I believe


[01-Feb-21 03:12 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
If anyone finds *anything* that could be incomplete for sprint 1, please create an issue on Github. If it ends up not being a problem we can just close the issue.

{Reactions}
👍 

[01-Feb-21 03:13 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
also would need to merge the Readme into main


[01-Feb-21 03:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
im fine from around 2:30 to 3:15. At 3:30 or so i have to leave for work.


[01-Feb-21 03:13 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Otherwise, i wouldn't be available till closer to 9:30


[01-Feb-21 03:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
2:30 works for me


[01-Feb-21 03:13 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
2:30 also works for me


[01-Feb-21 03:14 PM] CBM#2751
I am good for 2:30


[01-Feb-21 03:14 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
alright, 2:30 then


[01-Feb-21 03:15 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I have created 4 Sprint labels on the github. Il be adding Sprint 1 labels to the current issues that are needed for sprint 1

{Reactions}
👍 (2) 

[01-Feb-21 03:17 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
oh.. I think I have sprint 1 created as milestones


[01-Feb-21 03:17 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
so it shows the due date


[01-Feb-21 03:17 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Oh cool


[01-Feb-21 03:18 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I haven't set up other sprints, but it should works fine with this sprint


[01-Feb-21 03:18 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Good job


[01-Feb-21 03:19 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im looking for the due-dates on those and il see if I can make milestones for the other 3


[01-Feb-21 03:19 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I will also add features, tasks to the issues


[01-Feb-21 03:20 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I will update the wiki page tomorrow


[01-Feb-21 03:20 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
We need a wiki page, correct?


[01-Feb-21 03:21 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
yes, for meeting recordings


[01-Feb-21 03:21 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
or we can put them under issues


[01-Feb-21 03:21 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
both are fine


[01-Feb-21 03:23 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Sure

{Reactions}
partyparrot (2) 

[02-Feb-21 11:32 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
This course is a poorly ran shitshow 🤣

{Reactions}
💯 (2) 

[02-Feb-21 11:32 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
yeeeeee


[02-Feb-21 11:34 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
also 5 people = 5 features now? Where the hell did he pull that from?


[02-Feb-21 11:34 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Well, at least we expected that


[02-Feb-21 11:35 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
How many feature we have so far?


[02-Feb-21 11:35 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
think 4, and our 5th was optional or something like that


[02-Feb-21 11:36 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we can come up with a couple more


[02-Feb-21 11:36 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
We are using the User Stories to indicate our features right?


[02-Feb-21 11:36 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
ye


[02-Feb-21 11:37 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I am thinking reference user stories in features


[02-Feb-21 11:38 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I feel like everything he is saying is completely different from how its said on umlearn or how our TA has said it


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
when is the purposeful due?


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
12th next Friday?


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
course schedule says project proposal presentation on 9th and 11th


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
think at the end of this week


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
is proposal


[02-Feb-21 11:39 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
also 5th?

{Reactions}
👍 

[02-Feb-21 11:40 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
proposal part of sprint 1


[02-Feb-21 11:40 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
so we also need make PPT


[02-Feb-21 11:40 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I guess so xDD


[02-Feb-21 11:40 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I don't even have power point


[02-Feb-21 11:40 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i yi yi


[02-Feb-21 11:41 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess the technical proposal due date is 5th and formal presentation is on later date.


[02-Feb-21 11:41 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
no worries got you covered


[02-Feb-21 11:41 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Well we are in luck, cause if we are just following the rubric, then there is absolutely no mention of a powerpoint 👀

{Reactions}
risiBruh 

[02-Feb-21 11:41 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess PPT presentation needs to be done next week


[02-Feb-21 11:42 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
So do we need to meet with a TA again?


[02-Feb-21 11:42 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
There was something about presentation though


[02-Feb-21 11:42 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
i guess they are talking about that


[02-Feb-21 11:42 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
The TA is going through the grading schema


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
The deadlines makes it confusing


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
oh


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
proposal next week


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
:#


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
???


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
???


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
what


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
xDDD


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
WHAT IS HE SAYING


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I dont understand


[02-Feb-21 11:43 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
man


[02-Feb-21 11:44 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
So I was wrong, proposal is not part of sprint 1.
Sprint 1 is due this week, prosal and presentation next week


[02-Feb-21 11:44 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I am gonna put Chinese there


[02-Feb-21 11:45 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
so when is the presentation?


[02-Feb-21 11:45 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
next week


[02-Feb-21 11:45 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
9th and 11th i guess


[02-Feb-21 11:45 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/806218870662365285/unknown.png


[02-Feb-21 11:46 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
oh


[02-Feb-21 11:46 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
where did you find this


[02-Feb-21 11:47 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Its under Content -> Overview.
Annoying to find as usual in this course


[02-Feb-21 11:47 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/806219230734843905/unknown.png


[02-Feb-21 11:47 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I guess we are a team of 2 names


[02-Feb-21 11:49 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
is there a minimum time we need to present?


[02-Feb-21 11:49 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
The amount of non-clarified information is staggering.


[02-Feb-21 11:49 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Welcome to real world software developement,


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
the client doesn't know anythin


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
Enough to wow our audience


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
well I guess we are just explaining what is our project


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lets put memes


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
xD


[02-Feb-21 11:50 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
:risitas:


[02-Feb-21 11:51 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Ok so this meeting Wed, we discuss finishing up sprint 1, find an extra feature, and discuss the powerpoint maybe. Since its supposedly due both before and after the presentation due date


[02-Feb-21 11:52 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
perfect


[02-Feb-21 11:52 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
presentation due before next Monday.
proposal due before next Friday


[02-Feb-21 11:54 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
One question does anyone understand lectures even a little bit?


[02-Feb-21 11:54 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Of course. There is nothing really complex in this diagram.


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
aRcHiTecTure


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
bRuh


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Prof said himself


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
are you guyz serious?:P


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I think the main takeaway is how to use box/block diagrams.

{Reactions}
😆 

[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Otherwise, no, I have no clue what hes talking about 😅


[02-Feb-21 11:55 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
thug life bruh


[02-Feb-21 11:56 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
he goes so fast


[02-Feb-21 11:56 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
lol


[02-Feb-21 11:56 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
hes got 70 slides and only 75 minutes


[02-Feb-21 11:56 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
And we spent 20 of that somehow only making the grading requirements more vague


[02-Feb-21 11:57 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
dude i seriously tried to understand today's lecture


[02-Feb-21 11:57 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Dude hope the test is openbook


[02-Feb-21 11:57 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
hence we can co operate


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im expecting him to pull some shit like Lockdown Browser


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Hes just reading the slides tbh


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
He literally has his talking points in the posted slides in the notes at the bottom


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
So im going off of those rn


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I miss franklin


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] 王三岁半✨#1069
im just gonna use my phone in that case😂

{Reactions}
😅 

[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Can't turn off my laptop


[02-Feb-21 11:58 AM] CBM#2751
lol


[02-Feb-21 11:59 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
i have pc back screen, but access to keyboard will be tricky


[02-Feb-21 11:59 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
wtf i look away for 1 sec and we passed 7 minutes of slides


[02-Feb-21 12:01 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
😔 Rip views


[02-Feb-21 12:01 PM] CBM#2751
We call that Quantum Speed Reading

{Reactions}
😆 

[02-Feb-21 12:02 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
im still on page 16


[02-Feb-21 12:02 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
hes on page 26 if you wanna catch up


[02-Feb-21 12:03 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
🏎️


[02-Feb-21 12:03 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
🚀  more like this

{Reactions}
👀 

[02-Feb-21 12:04 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
He reads faster than most brown dude in bed...


[02-Feb-21 12:04 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
sonic but a prof


[02-Feb-21 12:04 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
gOOta gO FAst


[02-Feb-21 12:27 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
what architecture we are using this time


[02-Feb-21 12:31 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Service-Oriented Architecture= architecture for APIs-based application


[02-Feb-21 12:31 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
^


[02-Feb-21 12:32 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dFJOSR-aFs&ab_channel=SystemsInnovation

{Embed}
Systems Innovation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dFJOSR-aFs
Service-Oriented Architecture
Take the full course: https://systemsinnovation.io/course/
Follow along with the eBook: https://systemsinnovation.io/books/
Twitter: http://bit.ly/2JuNmXX
LinkedIn: http://bit.ly/2YCP2U6
Service Oriented Architecture or SOA for short, is an approach to distributed systems architecture that employs loosely coupled services, standard interfaces an...
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_dFJOSR-aFs/sddefault.jpg


[02-Feb-21 12:32 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
all components pretty much communicate via API

{Reactions}
👍 

[02-Feb-21 12:33 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
guess gonna pay all that API calls fee


[02-Feb-21 12:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
wow the video took 9 mins to go through 1 architecture


[02-Feb-21 12:38 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
most time spent on 1 topic in the class

{Reactions}
😆 (2) 

[02-Feb-21 12:38 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
new record


[02-Feb-21 12:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
you know what is on the tests


[02-Feb-21 12:38 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
xD

{Reactions}
🤣 

[02-Feb-21 12:46 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
What did we learn?


[02-Feb-21 12:46 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/806234145675542590/Lecture_5_-_Quick_notes.md


[02-Feb-21 12:46 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
56 slides under 50 mins


[02-Feb-21 12:46 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
that's the only question we have.


[02-Feb-21 12:46 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i dont even know, was so hard to follow


[02-Feb-21 12:47 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
i learned we will have an assignment

{Reactions}
😆 (3) 

[02-Feb-21 12:47 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
There is a single individual assignment 😔


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
so what is this Docker


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
wait so we ARE seeing TA to be evaluated?


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Docker is cool though. I haven't tried using it, but one of the places I worked in the summer was gonna switch to it


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
an running enviroment?


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
where?


[02-Feb-21 12:48 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Blue Cross


[02-Feb-21 12:49 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I don't know if they went through with it, but I think they did?


[02-Feb-21 12:49 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
It basically lets you run applications quickly


[02-Feb-21 12:50 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Its good for testing stuff I think


[02-Feb-21 12:50 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
sounds interesting


[02-Feb-21 12:53 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@everyone cisco webex is an awful app it uses CPU like an hungry dog.


[02-Feb-21 12:53 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
^


[02-Feb-21 12:53 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
My friend used it last term in a course and it actually would start up randomly on his computer and crash it


[02-Feb-21 12:53 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
always runnin in background :#


[02-Feb-21 12:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
My old mac air one of the 2 core jumps to 100 c

{Reactions}
😱 (2) 

[02-Feb-21 12:54 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
while now its idling at 75


[02-Feb-21 12:55 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Thanks for the note @BiPolarPolarBear


[02-Feb-21 12:56 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Short notes on the structure of the lecture keep me sane 🤪


[02-Feb-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
dude i have a problem of typing everyhting,


[02-Feb-21 12:56 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
i can't sort out the important stuff from the unimportant one


[02-Feb-21 11:12 PM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
we will probably have to make up meeting minutes for our previous meetings to catchup with that.


[02-Feb-21 11:13 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Definitely


[03-Feb-21 10:55 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
@everyone TA wants a second meeting on Friday 3 pm, he emailed me.


[03-Feb-21 10:55 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
Are you guyz available?


[03-Feb-21 11:00 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
wait nvm, miss read


[03-Feb-21 11:00 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
thought it said feb 3


[03-Feb-21 11:01 AM] Rrestoring Faith#8205
I should be ok, yea


[03-Feb-21 11:02 AM] Abir Ahammed#1512
I guess I will just confirm him since u and I are already here if the rest can’t join we will talk on behalf of them

{Reactions}
👍 

[03-Feb-21 11:20 AM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
I should be available


[03-Feb-21 01:32 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
@Abir Ahammed just want to double-check, was this line meant to be removed?

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/801160427874418699/806608000915734589/unknown.png


[03-Feb-21 01:33 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
That’s the plan for now as we are switching to firebase


[03-Feb-21 01:34 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
sounds good

{Reactions}
👍 

[03-Feb-21 01:34 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
Im not sure if Im available on Friday


[03-Feb-21 01:35 PM] Abir Ahammed#1512
No worries


[03-Feb-21 01:35 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
I think it just getting our sprint 1 marks


[03-Feb-21 01:35 PM] BiPolarPolarBear#9804
Im sure it will be fine with 3 of us there, I might try to take notes on that meeting


[03-Feb-21 01:35 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
check UMlearn, we are not hand in anything for sprint 1, since TA would go through them and give marks


[03-Feb-21 01:36 PM] 王三岁半✨#1069
so weird


[03-Feb-21 01:51 PM] CBM#2751
I think I am available on Friday at 3:00


==============================================================
Exported 1,009 message(s)
==============================================================
